.. 
   Copyright 2019 Xilinx, Inc.

.. meta::
   :keywords: Vitis, tutorials, core, development
   :description: Learn how to develop accelerated applications using the Vitis core development kit.
   :xlnxdocumentclass: Document
   :xlnxdocumenttype: Tutorials


===============
Vitis libraries
===============


`|Vitis (TM)| software development platform <https://www.xilinx.com/products/design-tools/vitis/vitis-platform.html>`__
includes an extensive set of open-source, performance-optimized
libraries that offer out-of-the-box acceleration with minimal to
zero-code changes to your existing applications.

.. raw:: html
   
   <hr/>

.. figure:: images/1569434411715.png
   :alt: Comprehensive Set of Domain-Specific Accelerated Libraries
   :align: left


Comprehensive Set of Domain-Specific Accelerated Libraries
-----------------------------------------------------------

Access a broad range of pre-optimized libraries that you can call as a
software API to bring plug-n-play acceleration in your application or
customize to design your own accelerator for Xilinx platforms across
edge to cloud.

-  Common Vitis accelerated-libraries for Math, Statistics, Linear
   Algebra and DSP offer a set of core functionality for a wide range of
   diverse applications.

-  Domain-specific Vitis accelerated libraries offer out-of-the-box
   acceleration for workloads like Vision and Image Processing,
   Quantitative Finance, Database and Data Analytics, Data Compression
   and this list continues to expand with every release.

-  Leverage the rich growing ecosystem of partner-accelerated libraries,
   framework plug-ins and accelerated applications to hit the ground
   running and accelerate your path to production.


.. raw:: html
   
   <p>&nbsp;</p>
   <p>&nbsp;</p>     
   <hr/>

.. figure:: images/1569434541001.png
   :alt: Use in Familiar Programming Languages
   :align: right

Use in Familiar Programming Languages
--------------------------------------

Use Vitis accelerated-libraries in commonly-used programming languages
that you know like C, C++, and Python. Leverage Xilinx platforms as an
enabler in your applications ? Work at an application level and focus
your core competencies on solving challenging problems in your domain,
accelerate time to insight, and innovate.

Whether you want to accelerate portions of your existing x86 host
application code or want to develop accelerators for deployment on
Xilinx embedded platforms, calling a Vitis accelerated-library API or
Kernel in your code offers the same level of abstraction as any software
library.


.. raw:: html
   
   <hr/>

.. figure:: images/1569434644122.png
   :alt: Scalable and Flexible
   :align: left

Scalable and Flexible
----------------------

Vitis accelerated-libraries are accessible to all developers through
GitHub and scalable across all Xilinx platforms. Develop your
applications using these optimized libraries and seamlessly deploy
across Xilinx platforms at the edge, on-premise or in the cloud without
having to reimplement your accelerated application.

For rapid prototyping and quick evaluation of the benefits Xilinx can
bring to your applications, you can use them as plug-and-play
accelerators, called directly as an API in the user application for
several workloads like Computer Vision and Image Processing,
Quantitative Finance, Database, and Data Analytics among others.

.. figure:: images/1568760747007.png
   :alt: Scalable and Flexible
   :align: right

To design custom accelerators for your application, use Vitis library
functions as optimized algorithmic building blocks, modify them to suit
your specific needs, or use them as a reference to completely design
your own. Choose the flexibility you need!

Combine domain-specific Vitis libraries with pre-optimized deep learning
models from the Vitis AI library or the Vitis AI development kit to
accelerate your whole application and meet the overall system-level
functionality and performance goals.


.. |Vitis (TM)| unicode:: Vitis U+2122

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Vitis Library
   :hidden:
    
	Home <https://xilinx.github.io/Vitis_Libraries/>

   
	Vitis Database Library <https://xilinx.github.io/Vitis_Libraries/database>
	Vitis Quantitative Finance Library <https://xilinx.github.io/Vitis_Libraries/quantitative_finance>
	Vitis Vision Library <https://xilinx.github.io/Vitis_Libraries/vision>
	Vitis Data Compression Library <https://xilinx.github.io/Vitis_Libraries/data_compression>
	Vitis Security Library <https://xilinx.github.io/Vitis_Libraries/security>
	Vitis Solver Library <https://xilinx.github.io/Vitis_Libraries/solver>
	Vitis BLAS Library <https://xilinx.github.io/Vitis_Libraries/blas>
	Vitis Utilities Library <https://xilinx.github.io/Vitis_Libraries/utils>
	Vitis DSP Library <https://xilinx.github.io/Vitis_Libraries/dsp>

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Versions 
   :hidden:

   Master (2019.2) <https://xilinx.github.io/Vitis_Libraries/>

   versions   
